README.md, before:

# 🟢 KickChat Client

## **What is Kick Chat Client ?**

The KickChat Client is a small, TypeScript-based wrapper for [kick.com](https://kick.com)'s chat system. It uses WebSocket connections to communicate with the chat servers and can automatically create new connections when the current ones reach their maximum capacity.

This wrapper is designed to simplify the process of building chat bots and other chat-related applications for the Kick platform. With its WebSocket-based architecture, it provides a fast and efficient way to communicate with the chat servers and handle incoming messages.

If you're looking to build a chat bot or other chat-based applications, the Kick Chat Wrapper is a great place to start. Its lightweight design and basic handler make it a good choice for for starting developers trying to build chat bots.

# Installation

1. Clone the repo

   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/retconned/kickchat-client
   ```

2. Change directory to the project folder

   ```sh
   cd kickchat-client
   ```

3. Install dependencies using pnpm ([Get it here](https://pnpm.io/installation))

   ```sh
   pnpm install
   ```

4. Run the app locally

   ```sh
   pnpm dev
   ```

# R&D Notes

- Sending messages, replies, and reactions are now possible via unofficial v2 API endpoints & require x-csrf-token & other headers.

- There is currently no official API documentations from the Kick team, and attempting to access the public endpoint will mostly result in 403 or cloudflare related errors.

# Future Todos

- Add role-based access control to the chat features (e.g. moderation actions, pinning messages, etc.)

- Implement sending messages, replies & reactions.

Commit message:

reworks parsing, introduces sending messages & commands

README.md, after:

# 🟢 KickChat Client

## **What is Kick Chat Client ?**

The KickChat Client is a small, TypeScript-based wrapper for [kick.com](https://kick.com)'s chat system. It uses WebSocket & unofficial API endpoints. and can automatically create new WS connections when the current ones reach their maximum capacity.

This client is designed to simplify the process of building chat bots and other chat-related applications for [kick.com](https://kick.com).

If you're looking to start building a chat bot or other chat-based applications, the KickChat Client is a great place to start. Its lightweight and has a basic handler logic makes it a good choice as a starter.

# Installation

1. Clone the repo

   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/retconned/kickchat-client
   ```

2. Change directory to the project folder

   ```sh
   cd kickchat-client
   ```

3. Install dependencies using pnpm ([Get it here](https://pnpm.io/installation))

   ```sh
   pnpm install
   ```

4. Create a `.env` file in the root directory with the following content:

   ```sh
   cp .env.example .env
   ```

   - send a message using the website and grab necessary headers from the request in the network tab in your browser toi match the axios request in codebase `../src/handlers/sendMessage.ts` and fill the `.env` file with the values.

5. Run the app locally

   ```sh
   pnpm dev
   ```

# Chnagelog

### v0.2.0

- Added support for sending messages
- Added support for chat commands

# R&D Notes

- Sending messages, replies, and reactions are now possible via unofficial v2 API endpoints & require x-csrf-token & Cookies & other headers.

- There is currently no official API documentations from the Kick team, and attempting to access the public endpoint will mostly result in cloudflare or authentication related errors.

# Future Todos

- Add role-based access control to the chat features (e.g. moderation actions, pinning messages, etc.)

- Implement replies & reactions.
